
Mason Mangum
512-786-8247 | mangummason@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/mason-mangum/
EDUCATION
Texas A&M University	College Station, TX
Master’s of Science in Industrial Engineering | GPA: 3.6	August 2024 - Expected Dec 2025
Coursework: Quality Engineering, Simulation Methods, Production and Inventory Controls, Linear Programming, Nonlinear Optimization, Principles of Manufacturing, Human Factors Engineering, Deep RL, Deep Learning
Track & Field Student-Athlete
NCAA National Champions, SEC Champions, 2x All-American (Long Jump & 4x100 Relay).

University of California, Berkeley	Berkeley, CA
Bachelor of Arts in Data Science, Concentration in Economics | GPA: 3.65	January 2020 - May 2024
Coursework: Computer Programs (CS61A), Data Structures (CS61B), Data Science (DATA100), Probability, AI, ML, Linear Algebra, Financial Econ, Econometrics, Discrete Math, Cognitive Science, Philosophy of Neuroscience
Football Student-Athlete — Four Year Letterman
35+ hours per week (fall semester) of practice, weights, film, and travel to prepare for excellence as a team.
Track & Field Student-Athlete — Four Year Letterman
Golden Bear Award (highest GPA on team), 4-time PAC-12 Honor Roll, All-American, School Record holder.
Cal Athletes in Tech Organization — Founder
Created a student org to unite similar-valued athletes and mentor younger peers beyond athletics at Berkeley.
Hosted multiple events with 40+ athletes, including opportunities to connect with VCs, founders, and engineers.

EXPERIENCE
Nucleus Talent	San Francisco, CA
Entrepreneur in Residence	Sep 2025 - Oct 2025
Developed a VC investor ranking index via public data, VC interviews, and partners (AngelList, fund of funds, etc).
Implemented and managed end to end ops for a new podcast; including vendor bookings, brand, and launch strategy.
Conducted candidate research, drafted meeting recaps, and contributed to weekly client search updates.

Gaingels	San Francisco, CA
Venture Analyst	July 2023 - Jan 2024
Sourced 3 successful investments; coordinated initial relationship and negotiation with founders.
Selected Investment — Series B Biotech: Cancer therapy drug company entering clinical trials (Closed Apr 2024)
Sourced investment alongside Thiel Bio and Presight Capital, supported GP during 6 month recap process.

Berkeley Endowment Management Company	San Francisco, CA
Endowment Management Investment Fellow	June 2022 - August 2022
Shadowed investment manager meetings across all asset classes — VC, PE, equities, hedge funds, and real assets.
Research and Presentation — The Energy Transition: Energy Production. Electricity, and Industrial Manufacturing
Identified trends and investment opportunities in energy production in the US, focusing on implications to the electric grid and industrial sectors, and presented my research to the CIOs of 6 endowments totaling over $30bn in AUM.

REX Real Estate	Redwood City, CA
Data Science Intern	June 2021 – August 2021
Contributed to the development of data operation flows for a large scale ML project predicting home sale prices.
Established an experimental design framework to standardize data-driven decision making across the company.
Successfully built and implemented an A/B testing program modified to include prior beliefs in order to minimize time and data required to conclude experiments, while maintaining 95% confidence in accurate decision making.

PROJECTS, SKILLS, & INTERESTS
Aggies Invent: Navy: Won 48 hour design sprint competition sponsored by Lockheed Martin and the US Navy.
Software: Python, Java, TensorFlow, SK-Learn, SQL, Figma, Excel, PowerPoint
Interests: Consciousness and agency, the future of athletics (track and field), and sci-fi media